OK before we start adding color to this we need to go ahead and merge some of these layers together
so that they're one and we can paint right over them.
So first we're going to start with the very bottom second to start with this piece right here along
with its shadow piece.
So we're going to go ahead and merge those together.
Next we're going to merge our body piece together.
So it's going to be this large cube with the rearview mirror.
Some of them up to that layer and find my rearview mirror layer and just merge those together.
So now that's all one layer.
And lastly I want to merge this whole piece on top as one layer so misled all of those and merge.
This is going to make it much easier to color our truck.
All right let's get started.
So the first thing we want to do is add a new layer above this top piece.
And on this new layer we're going to convert it into a clipping mask and then we're going to go ahead
and fill that in with a balloon.
So don't come into my blues and somewhere about in here should be good.
A little bit desaturated.
I'm going to go ahead fill that in.
Next I'm going to change my blend mode from normal to overlay.
So now we get this really nice cool shadow on the white part of our truck.
Now while we have this blue color selected We're going to go ahead and paint this back part of our truck
because we want it to be the same color.
So I'm going to find the layer that has the back of my truck on it right there that I'm going to add
a new layer above that create a clipping mask.
Fill that in and then change the blend mode to overlay.
Perfect.
Next let's add a little bit more detail to the back part of our truck.
So I'm going to go ahead and grab my Lasso tool.
And then on a new layer above this blue layer I'm going to go ahead and select a shape that goes right
along this edge and we're going to fill this in with a dark gray.
Now you can come outside of this area because it's going to be clipping mask.
So just like so then I'm going to go ahead and fill that in with a black.
And what we're going to do is we're going to bring the opacity down on that so that we can control how
great it is.
Now we want to make this into a clipping mask so I'm going to drag the layer underneath the blue layer
and then back up.
And now we can go out and turn that opacity down on the layer until we like what we see.
So going to turn it down to about 15 percent should be good.
Now going to copy this layer and I want to make sure it's a clipping my mask so I'll drag it underneath
and then I can grab that and drag it all the way to the bottom so I can get it lined up.
Perfect.
Next let's add some color to the body of our truck.
Someone come up to that layer at a new layer above it and turn it into a clipping mask and then I'm
going to fill that in with a red.
So I'm going to come in to my reds and I don't want to be completely saturated but I want it to be pretty
close or somewhere about there should be good.
Then I'll go ahead and fill that layer in and then I'm going to change the blood mode from normal to
multiply.
Next let's go ahead and add a window on this truck.
So I'm going to go ahead and zoom in there a little bit more so you'll see my last or two.
I'm going to go ahead and slide from here over to you about there and then I'm going to come straight
up like so and then i'm not come over like so just eyeballing making sure that I'm on the same diagonal
angle as the other parts.
So probably two about there and then I'm going to come straight across here and do the same thing just
eyeball it making sure that the distance between here and here is the same as here and here.
So I go about there.
And if you're unsure about it what you can do is you can turn the opacity down on your truck and then
you'll be able to see the grid behind it.
All right.
And then I'm not going to worry about this line down here because I'm not going to be able to eyeball
that well enough so I'm just going to come straight across like so and reconnect it then I'm going to
fill that in with black.
So change the color to black and fill that in next.
Let's go ahead and switch back over to the Lasso tool.
We're going to come across here like so.
So that way we can figure out where that point needs to be on this corner.
So now we know where that goes.
And then we come across here and just eyeballing it and where it should be.
So I'm going to say somewhere about there and then we can go ahead and come across reconnect and feel
about him now and getting this little red line here because I did this on top of my red layer.
So what I can do is I can go ahead and take my brush and just fill that in.
But let's go ahead and zoom out and see how that looks awesome.
So we're going to create our tire on a new layer and then we're going to use the Transform Tool to morph
it to the correct perspective.
So a lot of new layer above this and using my Marki tool.
I'm going to go ahead and make a square selection like so and then I'm going to fill that in with black.
Next I'm going to go ahead and select this shadow dark color right here.
That sort of blue.
And I'm going to add a new layer above this and fill this square in and then use them transform to I
can go ahead and shrink that down and also holding down shift and Olt to keep the proportions and keep
it centered or shrink it down to about their center.
And now it's merge both these layers together that's going to be our tire.
So let's make a copy of the Slayer so we have a backup one.
And then I'm going drag this guy over like so and I'm going to zoom in there.
Next let's turn to transform tool on Right-Click and come to distort and then what we want to do is
we just want to drag this wheel right up to each corner and straight up this way no more drag like there.
Let's just get them into the basic position and then we can figure out how we're going to get them straight
and correct according to our perspective.
If you have your snap to turn on it should snap right into the correct shape.
If it doesn't what you need to do is come up to you and then come down to snap to and make sure you
have guides layers and document bounds checked next.
Let's go ahead and enter next.
You want to grab this lever and drag it down towards a red layer.
I'm going to drag underneath and we're going to drag it above it.
So now it's a clipping layer mask or that.
Now you see it didn't fit perfectly.
So what we're going to do is we're going to turn on the transform tool and just barely nudge that over.
Like so.
So it fits in there.
Next what we want to do is we want to fill in this area right here with black also.
So I'm going to zoom in there and using my lasso to go ahead and select along this edge like so and
then I'm going to fill that in with black
perfect.
See how that looks awesome.
Now let's go ahead and make a copy of this letter.
Then we're going to drag that layer down to the bottom part of our truck.
So that's that layer right there.
And we're going to convert this into a clipping mask.
So right click and come to clipping mask and then we want to drag that over just like so and get that
all lined up correctly.
So about their looks good maybe up on.
Perfect.
And we're going to make another copy of this.
So what control J.
Drag the underneath.
So it becomes a clipping layer mask and then we can drag it over here and get all lined up also.
All right.
That looks good.
Next we're going to add some color to the bottom part of our truck and we're just going to add a little
bit of gray something to create a new layer above this and automatically become a clipping layer mask
and then I'm going to go ahead and fill that in with a darker gray like so.
So fill that in and change it to a multiply layer and then I can go ahead and play with that opacity
to change how dark that Gray is.
And I think I like it pretty dark.
So maybe just a little bit lighter about there.
Perfect.
Now we can go ahead and turn this wheel we'll layer off.
So find that.
Turn it off and then I'm going to find this bottom cube and I want to turn that off.
And then we can turn our tree back on.
See how that looks with it.
And that tree might be a little bit too large so we can go ahead and grab that folder and shrink all
of those layers down like so.
That looks like it'll fit much better.
And then we can come down to our background layer and we can go ahead and add a new layer above that
and fill it in with gray.
Very cool.
Going to move this tree out of the way so it's not so much in the way.
So maybe two right here.
Awesome.
All right.
That brings us to the end of this project.
I hope you enjoyed this project.
I did.
I really like the look of these type of graphics.
Now your assignment for this lecture is to create this project but I want you to change it up.
I want you to change the color maybe change the shape of a window.
Change the design on the back.
Change the design on the tree.
Change the shape of the tree.
Maybe even change the shape of the truck.
Just change it up and then once you create your crossroad graphics I want you to post it to the Q and
A section of the course.
Thanks for watching and I really look forward to seeing your work.